Dear [insert name or "Hiring Manager" if name is unknown]:

Your job posting on Monster for a [insert job title] fits my experience and qualifications perfectly, and I am writing to express my interest and enthusiasm for the position. As a Technical Expert in the Area of ECU SW Development and Test Development, I great

As an accomplished sales leader, I have achieved seven-figure revenue growth, international market penetration and successful product launches for leading global corporations during my career.

In addition to my desire to join your team, you will find I am a dedicated and driven professional whose recent accomplishments include:

    An increase of international sales from 1% of the company's total revenue to 75%, capturing more than half of the entire European market and one-third of the Latin American market within two years.
    Dramatic expansion of customer base, leading to seven-figure revenue growth rates that far exceed the pace of larger, more established competitors.
    Development of a 75-member dealer network across 30 countries in six continents.
    Attainment of 100% customer retention rate through expert relationship-building skills and a commitment to a solution-focused, service-first sales approach.
    Launch of a new London office, expected to double sales revenue by 2020.
    Introduction of three innovative product lines, following comprehensive market research and competitive-intelligence gathering.

I greatly admire on the cutting edge technologies

Your software products are truly on the cutting edge of technology—you offer products that can change the way a company conducts business on the Internet. I am excited by this technology and would be able to translate this excitement to a business benefit for your current and future clients. If you agree that my qualifications are a close fit to your needs, I would be delighted to meet with you personally to discuss strategies for expanding [name of company's] market presence.

I will follow up with you in a few days to answer any questions you may have. In the meantime, you may reach me at +91 88611 94875 or via email at vishnuvasan@zoho.com. I look forward to our conversation.